Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Atzi.
Do we have a tail on the wife?
We do. We have a
locator in the wheel well.
a mic on the dash and
one in the firewall.
The house is clear
minus the staff.
Mike two-two. you are green.
Morning. ma'am.
I'm Sergeant McConnell with
the Dallas Fire Department.
Gas company computers detected
a leak inside your residence.
and we need to find
the source of the leak.
She needs to wait
outside for her safety.
Is there any more
staff in the house?
They're in.
Cut it.
Shut power.
We found the problem.
It's all good.
Power's back up.
We don't have anything
in bedrooms or bathrooms.
We need them out
of town to do that.
Housekeeper looks Zapotec.
- I'll find out.
- If she is. she can be bought.
They fucking hate these
descendants of Spaniards.
When's our girl arrive?
Today.
What?
Nothing.
Come on. Joe. What?
I don't trust her.
JSOC picked her.
What don't you trust?
She's a
second-generation Mexican
who's never met her uncle.
She doesn't speak a
speck of fucking Spanish.
and she's never been to
Mexico. I don't buy it.
What's her
intelligence training?
Nothing. She's a fucking
pilot. that's it.
An adrenaline junkie with
a chip on her shoulder.
Treat her like you're
flipping an agent.
Catch her in a lie. pull the
floor out from under her.
That won't mean I can trust her.
Joe. how many times do
I have to tell you this?
You can't trust any of them.
Neal?
Charlie?
Kate?
What the fuck?
Neal? Ne... Oh. God!
Jesus!
Why are you yelling?
I was calling you.
You didn't hear me yelling?
No.
Clearly. I did not hear you.
Where are the girls?
Kate's at cheerleading practice.
and Charlie's next door.
Hey. honey. you're sweating.
What. did you think
we got kidnapped?
Is that a legitimate concern?
Just... answer your
phone when I call.
That's all I ask.
Joe. is it?
My new assignment. they...
they have an entrenched
presence in the U.S..
and kidnapping is a
method that they employ.
But no.
It's just me needing
some sleep. I don't know.
Mm...
And...
And...?
Just me being paranoid.
Which is my job.
You know. I can
prescribe you some drugs
to take the edge off. honey.
I'm already on a
cocktail of medications
to take the edge off.
I don't think it's working.
No. it's not.
Well. maybe you just need to
think about something else.
I'm sure you have some ideas.
I do.
Yeah. okay. Mm-hmm.
In this segment?
Uh. in 20 minutes?
Then why didn't
you call me in 19?
So it is in this segment?
Okay.
Thank you.
I need a new assistant today.
What happened?
Nothing.
What are you waiting
on to happen?
Mm... This is ridiculous.
It doesn't concern you.
How do you know that? You
haven't told me what it is.
Unless you're importing
fentanyl through Mexico.
it doesn't concern you.
What? I'm telling you the truth.
CIA in the drug enforcement
business these days?
Nope.
Still in the "sovereignty
of our nation" business.
I can't believe you said
that with a straight face.
Dad. can... Oh. my God!
Jesus! Don't you knock?
- The door was open!
- Fuck.
I'm gonna need therapy.
Oh. my God.
Well. we lasted 16 years
without getting caught.
Wait.
Yeah?
It's on.
What channel?
I'm on CBS. but it
should be everywhere.
What's going on?
...U.S. Army personnel
were killed in a
friendly fire incident
near a U.S. outpost in Iraq.
According to U.S. officials.
the name of the servicemen
are being withheld
due to the sensitive
nature of the operations.
but sources say the pilot
has been relieved of duty
and is in custody
pending court martial.
No other details are
available at this time.
That's terrible.
Don't believe everything
you see on the news. honey.
Meaning what? It's not terrible?
It's not real.
When you leaving?
First thing tomorrow morning.
But. um...
we'll get another crack at it.
I'm gonna go measure
the emotional damage
we did to our daughter.
I mean. we already got
caught. We might as well f...
I didn't see a
report on fentanyl.
I didn't say what
the report was about.
We have a 7:30 at Masseria.
Too traumatized to speak.
Kate.
It's just so gross.
And so... scarring.
Like. I-I had to see
my own mother's...
Wow. Just...
...wow.
Oh. Yeah. No. sure.
mock me. Great.
- On top of everything else.
- I'm not mocking you. Kate.
I know that...
Did you ever walk
in on your parents?
No. No. I never did.
Yeah. then you don't know.
My parents slept
in different rooms.
and they barely spoke a
word to each other. Kate.
You may not feel
lucky right now.
but I promise you that you are.
Yeah. thank you for
telling me how lucky I am
that I walked in on
my parents having sex.
And thank you for the technique
tips on the cowgirl position.
How do you even
know what that is?
- I didn't. until now.
- Honey.
this is how lucky you are.
You're lucky to have
parents who. after 20 years
of being together.
still love each other.
And still want to roll around
under the sheets. if
you know what I mean.
Yeah. well. maybe if you had
actually been under the sheets.
then I would be
able to unsee it.
Okay. We're good.
- Mom.
- Yeah?
Just... wow.
Yeah. yeah.
Plant looked good.
Hope so.
Is this about
strategy or approval?
Little bit of both is my guess.
Where's your Lioness now?
En route to Bliss.
We need to fully
understand the op sec
and procedures with regard
to the contraband
that is brought in.
Assuming you can make
a successful contact.
We'll make contact.
Her cover's pretty convenient.
We don't see it that way.
Well. it doesn't
matter how you see it.
It matters how they see it.
And if the Chinese
intelligence is advising them.
they're gonna think
it's very convenient.
You approved the plant yourself.
You all read the copy.
You cleared the
footage of the FOB.
- I-I...
- You have an issue.
It's not her cover
story. What is the issue?
Outrage over the incident
isn't sustaining.
It's only polling
at 38% awareness.
Okay. so push the press.
Press is resisting.
They're resisting.
They're resisting to
cover the kidnapping
of a United States congresswoman
and the murder of her
family on U.S. soil.
The rescue is
polling as overreach.
Mexico is.
understandably. outraged.
I'm a little outraged myself.
Look. this thing
is dividing on party lines.
This would be a lot
simpler if she had been...
If she had what?
- Been a Democrat?
- We can arrange
the kidnapping of a Democrat
if. uh. that would be helpful.
You think that's funny?
I think it's tragic.
I think it's a
dereliction of duty
that borders on treason that...
that Congress refuses to act in
the best interest of this nation
because... because
they're more concerned
with the next election.
That's easy for you to say.
You were appointed
to your position.
And you were appointed to yours.
So was everyone in
this fucking room.
Now. what you need to do
is get out of this room.
go to the Capitol and start
pulling heads out of asses.
President's polling
right around 40%.
We are fucking paralyzed.
We need more support from
our side of the aisle...
This is not a kidnapping.
I hope everyone here
understands that.
Well. it sure looked
like a kidnapping to me.
It's a probe.
A probe.
Explain what you
mean by a probe.
Do you mean it's a false flag?
It is an act to
study our reaction
and the public's sentiment
toward whatever action we take.
She was held for almost 24
hours just south of the border.
That's enough time for
us to formulate a plan
and move a QRF into place.
The victim wasn't
stripped and searched
for electronics or
tracking systems.
A legitimate
attempt to secure her
would've involved
a thorough search
and immediate removal to
the interior of Mexico
in a large urban area
where we would have
no ability to provide
air or ground support to
QRF. and we would have to
enter the nation through
commercial means.
with a greatly compromised
tactical capacity.
This was a test case
that they're gonna base
their next operation around.
Our intel sees
this more as a psyop
meant to further divide
the parties of Congress.
which is certainly the
effect it is having.
You're wrong. Your
intel's wrong.
You are wrong. Their
mission is the next mission.
This was the USS Cole.
Our lack of response to that
was the green light to 9/11.
That is what this is.
Even if you're right.
they're not gonna believe.
They will believe
it from us. sir.
- You think?
- I do.
Who is holding up the
votes in the Senate?
Albright and Fuller. to start.
Yeah.
If you get Albright.
you got Fuller.
Let's go to work.
Do it.
Captain.
No salute?
We don't do that shit here.
Uh-uh. Sit in the front.
This ain't no fucking Uber.
I see you're as big an
asshole as your boss.
Some might say bigger.
We stay on base?
Till you're through
with your training.
What training?
The kind that keeps
you from getting killed
and. more importantly.
getting us killed.
I've already been through that.
You think?
I'm fucking First Cav.
I know.
Oh. All right. Well. then it
shouldn't take too long. then.
This is home.
Mama's home.
- Hey. Bobbo!
- Tex is cheating.
Yo.
Oh. I got you covered.
Not for long.
What's for supper?
Lobster bisque.
Oof.
Easy on the butter.
It's swimsuit season.
Yeah. Randy.
Easy on the butter.
Doesn't matter how much
butter you use. Two Cups.
when you eat a bag
of fucking Doritos
and drink a six-pack of beer.
You drink as much
beer as I do. bro.
I do.
- Open bunk?
- Then I run six miles.
- Fucking...
- Open bunk?
Yeah. you know what?
Any time you want
to put a stopwatch
to a six-mile hump. bro.
you fucking let me know.
Yeah. you bring your inhaler.
Neither one of you motherfuckers
has ran six miles in a decade.
That's true.
- Oh...
- Goddamn it.
Latrine?
All the way in the back.
Oh. that was a dud.
Oh. this is gonna be fun.
Yeah. Los Angeles?
You know what?
Let's burn it. Let's
burn the fucker.
Why can't I hit you. dude?
I'm the worst shot in
the world in this game.
I'm too slippery.
Yep. and watch this.
Here it goes again.
Soup's on. Two
Cups. don't get up.
'Bout time.
Pause it. pause it!
Chef Randall. hmm.
What do we have today?
Mmm.
You hungry?
Grab something to eat.
Will you hand me a spoon
so I don't have to eat
with my hands again?
Mmm.
Thank you.
- No.
So. what gets us past
this awkward bullshit?
What do you want to know?
We don't want to know nothing.
We want to know your cover.
and that's all we want to know.
and all you need
to know is ours.
And I don't mean any
disrespect when I say it.
We don't got time to learn both.
This party starts tomorrow.
I thought we
were going to Masseria.
Cafe Milano.
So. you're working.
We're working.
Ah.
And what are we working on?
The Hill has found a way to
politicize the unpolitical.
The border's a terrible place
to be bipartisan. Kaitlyn.
You know that.
Just help me.
And how can I do that?
Just opine on the
economic consequences
of another high-profile
target on U.S. soil.
Can you do that?
Three days before
the jobs report?
I can do it in my
sleep. sweetheart.
Attaboy.
Yes. Chef.
- Thank you so much.
- Of course.
And what can I get for you?
Oh. I'm-I'm a Democrat.
but I'm not a
California Democrat.
I would like steak
and Bolognese.
Mmm.
Uh. how many of these servers
actually work for you?
Oh. come on. Mandy.
She's probably getting
her master's at Georgetown
in. uh. broadcast
journalism or some nonsense.
Go to Georgetown?
Yes. ma'am.
What are you studying?
I'm getting my master's
in broadcast journalism.
Oh.
That's not like you
to tip your hand.
What should concern
you is the ones
that don't work for us.
We never got any reliable intel
from the kids at the Farm.
They're just learning how
to commit to their cover.
I'm. um...
very. very concerned
the Republicans are
gonna use this kidnapping
as a bulldozer for
their agenda. Kaitlyn.
Mm-hmm. They will. absolutely.
And when there is an incident...
which there will be...
POTUS will have no choice but
to shut the border completely.
Now. what did the husband do?
I mean. it seems like
retribution. if anything.
Wasn't he a doctor?
Pretty useful thing to
be on a cartel's payroll.
He was a cardiologist. Amanda.
I don't think that
the. uh. cartels
are trading in beta blockers.
No. it was a probe.
To gauge our reaction
- and our appetite.
- No.
I-I do not credit cartels with
that level of sophistication.
MSS oversaw the operation.
What is Chinese intelligence
doing on the border of Mexico?
Shutting down a trade
route. opening another.
It's the perfect Trojan horse.
And they'll continue to use it
until we display the
will to stop them.
I cannot have the
Army driving Humvees
down streets in Northern Mexico.
It won't be the
Army. It'll be us.
It'll be quiet.
I would not call
last week quiet.
No. well. last week
was loud on purpose.
What do you think of the. uh.
implications of
this on the market?
Equities are on such
shaky ground as it is.
They don't need
a reason to sell.
They just need an excuse.
Well. now you have me worried.
You should be. You
should be very worried.
You should be terrified
if it happens again.
six weeks before a
presidential election.
and you do nothing?
SOFR's at five and a half.
banks can't borrow money.
This time. it won't be
mortgages that crash us.
Corporate loan market
is in absolute shambles.
They're walking from any project
that has a nonrecourse
loan attached.
All the smart money is in funds.
The nation will run to them.
Run.
Social issues. climate issues.
I mean. none of that matters
when people start flying planes
into buildings. even worse.
They're just luxuries.
And trust me. the first thing
the American people get rid of
when there is a
calamity are luxuries.
If 9/11 happened today.
be a financial crisis
worse than the '29 crash.
- Mm.
- And that's
exactly what China wants.
And if it doesn't happen...
organically...
...they'll make it happen.
- How's the steak?
- It's excellent. my dear.
Excellent.
Would you excuse
me for one minute?
Yes. of course.
- Please. continue.
- Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
- Thank you. bud.
- Cheers.
To being foolish.
Mmm.
You know Ronnie?
Mm-hmm. Blackstone.
That's right.
I thought you guys
only left New York
to visit a Meldman property.
We'll wander this way when
the water gets choppy.
You think this is choppy.
wait until the storm hits.
Got our fucking
heads in the sand.
Well. that's why I'm here.
Talk some sense into them.
They can't all go on the
speaking circuit at once.
It's food for thought.
- Give us a minute. Ronnie?
- Sure.
Seeing boogeymen yet?
Starting to.
Here she is.
Old-fashioned. please.
Any preference on bourbon?
If I can tell what
bourbon it is.
you made it wrong.
Seeing you two in the same room
is making people very nervous.
That's the idea.
Secretary doesn't want
his fingerprints on this.
but he doesn't want POTUS out
in a storm without an umbrella.
Get started.
JSOC has a black fund.
You know where they keep it?
We do.
That's your war chest.
Spend wisely.
- I'm gonna go finish dinner.
- All right.
See ya.
Thank you.
We were much less productive
when I had a prostate.
Mmm.
God. we wasted a lot
of time on this place.
It wasn't a waste.
We sacrificed it.
Did we?
Why would a boy
want to be a cheerleader?
Uh. there were male cheerleaders
when I was in high school.
That's nothing new.
They're not a boy. Dad.
That's not how they identify.
Oh.
Okay. honey.
You don't believe him?
Uh. I don't know
him to believe him.
God. that's so transphobic.
Trans...
Charlie. look at me.
The definition of "phobia"
is "the extreme or irrational
fear of something."
Disagreeing with
somebody is not a phobia.
Well. you're denying
that they exist.
I'm not denying anything.
Well. you're refusing
to believe when
someone says they...
Okay. Kate. let me
explain something to you.
If the only way
to promote an idea
is to eliminate any
argument against that idea.
then you have no idea.
Oh. my God. You
did not just say that.
Mm-hmm.
You're digging a deeper
hole there. buddy.
What your father means is
ideas are meant
to be challenged.
He has the right to
disagree with you.
And you have the right
to disagree with him.
There are nations where
that right doesn't exist.
and those are the places
you do not want to visit.
Unfortunately. those are
the places I have to go to.
Know what I mean?
- Do you have time for breakfast?
- No. No. I have to go.
Sure.
Can I get the ketchup?
Uh. yes. Until they pass
legislation against it.
which I hope is very soon. yes.
Where did she pick that from?
I don't know. That's
how Emily's folks eat.
Oh. wow. Charlie. that's a lot.
No. save some for
the rest of us.
No.
No. Kate. Not you.
I promise. it's actually good.
- You should try it.
- No.
Gross.
- Just try it. Try it.
- No. No. Kate.
Ugh!
Seems like you have
an extreme fear
- of ketchup there. Dad.
- Y-Yes. This is a phobia.
Here... No! My God.
- Kate. come on.
- I-I just had to make sure.
- Do you want some?
Okay.
You're back in basic.
Except now it's coed.
Won't that be fun?
No. you fucker!
Whoo!
Remind me how far that was.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- That felt like six miles
to me. everybody.
Whoo! Bobby. how far was that?
There's mile markers.
- You know how far it is.
- Yeah.
Looks like our little
bird flew away.
She's probably in the head.
Fucking...
Gear up. I'll go get her moving.
Hey.
Do you have tac gear?
Uh. no. I don't have shit.
All right. well. get dressed.
We'll get you sorted out.
Fuck. Uh...
What are you looking for?
Privacy.
Yeah. you ain't going
to find much of that.
Yeah. I'm learning.
There's a pantry for
dry goods by the galley.
Thank you.
Oh. Oh. no.
Oh. Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
Oh. God. Aah!
Told you don't eat
before the run.
Shit!
Fuck!
Uh-oh. He's
coming in hot!
You're on the clock. Bobby!
What?
Huh?
Oh. fuck!
Don't you fucking do that!
Sorry. boss!
I mean it!
I don't have a choice!
You do have a fucking choice!
God Almighty.
Fuck! This is my fucking hell.
Sorry!
I'm a human being!
Shit you eat. Fuck.
Stay away from the ahi poke!
Red alert!
Red alert...!
I can tolerate this in Pakistan.
I can't do this shit in Texas.
Call the quartermaster.
get us a DoD house. Fuck.
All right. where's the new girl?
- Changing.
- Changing what?
Clothes.
Where?
You know. you don't have
to dress like that anymore.
This is all I got. All
my clothes are at Hood.
I can have her stuff
packed up and flown out.
You on base or at an apartment?
Apartment in Killeen.
All right. make me a list
of everything you need.
- I'll have it here this evening.
- Yeah. write it quick. too.
'cause I need to know what
you're capable of beyond flying.
All right. I'm gonna
let you cheat a little bit
and watch them run the
course a few times.
Did. uh. First Cav
work you on CQB?
No. Just SERE and
holding a location.
All right. well. this is
"shit hit the fan" stuff here.
Okay. when you need
to know these tactics.
you really need to know 'em.
All right. Any questions?
- A bunch.
- Fire away.
They're communicating through
his hand on her shoulder?
Yes.
Well. it seems reckless
to run in the room.
She's drawing fire and
attention away from the shooter
assigned to the
left near corner.
That target was eliminated
before it had time to engage.
Ready to give it a try?
Not really.
Let's go. I'll run it with you.
Okay. so we're gonna
run this in the front.
just like this. okay?
We're running Zev OZ9 Elites.
Extended mag will
get you 22 rounds.
Crimson trace laser.
Light set to strobe.
Holosun up top.
You have any experience
with a reflex sight?
No.
Play any video games?
Sure.
- You ever play Call of Duty?
- Yeah.
All right. Well. it's
kind of like that.
Okay. yeah. This is like my
target system in my bird.
Great.
Take her for a test spin.
- Shoot faster!
- What the fuck?
- Let's go! Let's go!
- Shoot faster!
What the fuck?
You expect to get in
a peaceful gunfight?
Gunfights are fucking chaos.
We got to get you to the point
where the chaos bores you.
Go ahead. shoot a clear target.
- Go!
- Let's go!
- Go! Go!
- Come on. let's go! Let's go!
That didn't take long.
All I needed was
permission to ignore you.
Well. this will be the
only time you'll get that.
You want to run the house?
Why not?
- Run it with me.
- Of course.
you're gonna run it with her.
Fucking love I can
still make you jealous.
I am the opposite
of jealous. Tracer.
The opposite of jealous
is enchantment. Bobby.
No. you dumb shit.
the opposite of
jealous is apathy.
You know. you could bore
a hole in a fence post
and fuck it right
in front of me.
and still. the only thing that
I would feel would be pity
for the fucking post.
Hey. that's an
interesting visual.
You lead. Hit the
left door first.
Roger that.
Fuck! There's one in the hall.
Well. fucking shoot it!
Move.
Target to my left.
but I can't get a shot
without exposing myself!
Shoot what you see!
All I see is an arm!
Then shoot the arm!
The chest! Now!
Ready?
Wait! Do I run to the wall?
If there's one in this
corner. don't aim.
Point the knuckle
of your index finger
towards the target.
pull the trigger.
Do not turn your body
towards the target!
I don't understand! My
pistol is upside down!
The pistol shoots
fine upside down.
The bullet goes where
your knuckle points.
This is a timed event. ladies.
I know! Let's go.
That's you.
I can't believe that
actually worked.
Yeah. it's just. uh. physics.
How is she doing?
Well. she's a helicopter
pilot. doesn't know shit.
But stays cool under pressure.
takes direction fast and
executes what she's told
without many questions.
That's a good place to start.
We'll run her through
the simulator.
Okay.
You ready?
All right. what should I expect?
You don't expect
anything. You just react.
I don't know my mission.
Fuck!
I don't know what
I'm supposed to do!
Whatever you do.
just don't do it
in the middle of
the fucking street.
Fuck.
This is fucking insane!
Hey!
Let her go.
Let her go!
What the fuck was that?
What are you. a cop?
"Let her go"?
What's that girl to you?
He was holding her hostage.
What are we. a
hostage rescue team?
- Evidently not.
- No.
We're a kill team.
We have targets. Eliminating
our target is our mission.
and it is our only mission.
Any obstacle must be
circumvented or overcome.
And how do you overcome
a 16-year-old girl
with a gun to her head?
You shoot her yourself.
Then you shoot
the man behind her
and then you keep running.
That's murder.
It's survival.
I need another month
with her. at least.
If we don't get
her embedded now.
they're gonna do what
they always do. Joe.
Take the path of
least resistance.
Walk with me. Captain.
Have a seat.
You got the whole
thing planned out?
I do.
Everyone knows their role?
You care to clue me in on mine?
You're gonna go home.
To Hood?
To Dallas.
No.
No. that's not my home.
It's your parents' home.
We don't...
we don't have that
type of relationship.
Why is that?
Mexican families are
supposed to be close.
Why isn't yours?
Because you know.
You've always known.
What else do you know
that you fucking
forgot to tell me?
I stayed away
because that's not my path.
Mm.
She knows about her father.
I don't know.
She fucking knows
about her father.
- I don't know. I suspect.
- What about your uncle?
Do you know your uncle?
- Have you met him?
- The one you said
you'd never met. the one
you said doesn't exist.
- Have you met him?
- You're the one
who shows up at the desert.
firing off questions
- about my family.
- Your drug-running.
murdering. monster of a family.
- Wow.
- Fuck!
Doesn't speak fucking Spanish.
Congratulations. Joe.
You just recruited a mole.
I fucking knew it.
Bobby. Tucker?
Hold her here until MPC arrives.
Wait. What?
You fucking lied to me.
You fucking lied to me!
Your fucking father is a lawyer?
You don't speak Spanish?
You think we're
fucking amateurs?
We do this for a living.
I stayed away because
I don't want any part
of what they do. I don't...
I don't want to see it.
- I don't want to know it.
- And yet you do know it.
That's the fucking problem.
I agreed to join this program
because I believe in what I do.
- I-I believe in this c...
- No. No.
You're here to protect them.
That's what you're here to do.
I joined this program
because I love my country.
- Yeah?
- Just like you asked. Yes!
Really. you love it enough
to put your father in prison?
'Cause that's the best of all
possible outcomes for him.
What about your mother?
What the fuck does she know?
Your sister? How
about your cousins?
You expect me to believe
that you love it enough
that you're willing to destroy
everyone and everything
they ever built?
I fucking saved your life.
- All of you.
- Yeah.
Now we get to return the favor.
You get one chance
and one chance only.
I love my country.
Yeah. we're about to
find out how much.
Bueno.
Papá.
Josecita.
¿Cómo estás. papá?
Estoy bien.
¿Y contigo todo bien. chiquita?
No. No. papá.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today